# AoiTelegram@0.1.2
## Added
- Added the ability to create custom functions using the `aoitelegram` syntax.
- Added all the events available in `telegramsjs`.
## Fixes
- Fixed module loading in `PluginManager`.
## Updated
- Updated dependencies.
## Other
- Improved variable and class method names for code readability.
- Enhanced type annotations and comments.

# Function
## Added
- Added the `$onlyIf[condition;ifFalse?;replyMessage?]` function.
- Added the `$aoiversion` function.
- Added the `$eval[aoicode]` function.
- Added the `$token` function.
- Added the `$arrayCreate[arrayName;array]` function.
- Added the `$arrayAt[arrayName;index]` function.
- Added the `$arrayConcat[arrayName;array]` function.
- Added the `$arrayIncludes[arrayName;search]` function.
- Added the `$arrayIndexOf[arrayName;search]` function.
- Added the `$arrayJoin[arrayName;separator]` function.
- Added the `$arrayLastIndexOf[arrayName;search]` function.
- Added the `$arraySlice[arrayName;index]` function.
- Added the `$getObjectProperty[object;property]` function.
- Added the `$charAt[string;charAtIndex]` function.
- Added the `$endsWith[string;search]` function.
- Added the `$repeat[string;character]` function.
- Added the `$replace[string;replaceText]` function.
- Added the `$replaceAll[string;replaceText]` function.
- Added the `$split[string;separator]` function.
- Added the `$startsWith[string;search]` function.
- Added the `$charAt[string;index]` function.
- Added the `$textConcat[string;string]` function.
- Added the `$textIncludes[string;search]` function.
- Added the `$textIndexOf[string;search]` function.
- Added the `$textLastIndexOf[string;search]` function.
- Added the `$textSlice[string;index]` function.
- Added the `$toLowerCase[string]` function.
- Added the `$toUpperCase[string]` function.
- Added the `$commandsCount` function.
- Added the `$isAddedToAttachmentMenu` function.
- Added the `$deleteIn[time;messageId?]` function.
## Updated
- `$var` is now a global variable, while `$let` is local. This means that when you create a variable using `$var`, it is accessible in all events/commands, while `$let` is only available in the current event/command.
- The second parameter for `$get` has changed; you now need to specify the type as `global/local`. `global` is for `$var` variables, and `local` is for `$let` variables.
## Fixes
- Fixed the `$if` function's `condition` parameter.