# AoiTelegram@0.4.0 

## Added

* Partial support for Telegram API `7.0` added.
* `functionError` event added to the command loader.
* `CustomEvent` class introduced for creating custom events based on `EventEmitter`.
* `<LoadCommands>.loadVariables` method added to load variables from a folder.
* Added chat/user ID verification (partial implementation).
* Added support for `suppressErrors` (`$suppressErrors`) in case of code errors (If set to `true` in options for `sendMessageError` and `functionError`, `suppressErrors` will override them).

## Fixes

* Typing of parameters in the `<AoiClient>.addFunction` method and internal library classes corrected.
* Support for `@aoitelegram/database` fixed; code for `Timeout` was dependent on `database-sempai`, which was not initially addressed, and support for the new DB should be present.
* Fixed `sendMessageError` option in the `AoiClient` class constructor.
* `<Context>.getAoiArgs` method incorrectly returned the `inside` parameter.
* Parsing of objects in the `<Context>.evaluateArgs` method fixed.

## Updated

* Comments for the source code have been refined.
* Removed the use of `async/await` for methods in the `@aoitelegram/database` library (the library uses synchronous functions).
* Parameter `line` is no longer required wherever needed in the `MessageError` class.
* Error messages are now more user-friendly, and the text of errors in `<Context>.checkArgumentTypes` has been reduced.
* Changed the function loading from the library. Previously, functions were loaded when using commands/events, which took some time. Now, all functions will be loaded at the bot's start, significantly speeding up code execution when using commands/events.

## AoiTelegram Function

* Numerous functions fixed, and several functions added. Only `$toString` and `$availableParallelism` were removed.
* Readability improved for external functions.