# AoiTelegram@0.7.0

## Added
- Added the method `<AoiClient>.hasFunction`, which allows checking if a function exists in the library.
- Added the method `<AoiClient>.ensureFunction`, which allows manually overwriting or modifying functions.
- Introduced a new way of creating functions called `callback`. These functions have a different syntax compared to custom functions. Callback functions do not overwrite core functions and have a set of functions for interaction.

## Changed
- Most variables in the classes provided by `aoitelegram` are no longer private from the perspective of `typescript` (`Command`, `Action`, `Awaited`, `Timeout`).
- Changed the type `unknown` to a generic type in the method `<CustomEvent>.emit`.
- Now `action` and `command` can be tracked by multiple handlers, not just one.
- Attempting to set a new handler for `timeout`/`loop` commands will now result in an error.
- The method `<AoiClient>.addFunction` no longer allows overwriting functions as it did before. Also, `<AoiClient>.editFunction` cannot add a function. These functions now adhere to their original purpose.
- Renamed `<AoiClient>.command` to `<AoiClient>.addCommand`, and `<AoiClient>.action` to `<AoiClient>.addAction`.
- The library will no longer assign functions to global classes (e.g., `String` and methods like `replaceLast` and `after`).
- To reduce file size, the library will use `UglifyJS` only for internal folders where functions are stored.
- Completely revised comments in the source code to adhere to `typedoc`, instead of the previous mixture of `typedoc` and `jsdoc`.

## Fixed

# AoiTelegram Functions

## Changed
- The function `$ping` now accepts the parameter `type` (`client` - bot ping, `db` - database ping).

## Fixed
- The function `$jsEval`.

## Added
- Added a new operator `!` to prevent all errors in `undefined` (syntax: `$!functionName`).
- Added functions `$continue` and `$index` for `loop`/`awaited` commands.
- The function `$argumentsCount` is now available for custom functions with the `aoitelegram` syntax.
- Added functions: `$stopTimeout`, `$hasTables`, `$tablesCount`, `$variablesCount`, `$packageDependencies`, `$charCount`, `$cropText`, `$reverse`, `$toLocaleUpperCase`, `$bufferAlloc`, `$bufferCreate`, `$bufferLength`, `$bufferToString`, `$matchRegex`, `$testRegex`, `$abs`, `$ceil`, `$advancedTextSplit`, `$callback`, `$error`, `$parseTime`, `$readyTimestamp`, `$uri`, `$maxRam`, `$and`, `$findSpecialChars`, `$or`, `$index`, `$continue`, `$executionTime`, `$argumentsCount`, `$arguments`, `$maxSafeInteger`, `$isNegative`, `$isPositive`, `$callFunction`, `$randomUUID`, `$bufferAllocUnsafe`.